com/example/dagger/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.dagger.BuildConfig
com/example/dagger/ContextModule_ProvideContextFactory.java
 com.example.dagger.ContextModule_ProvideContextFactory
com/example/dagger/ContextModule_ProvideDatabaseNameFactory.java
 com.example.dagger.ContextModule_ProvideDatabaseNameFactory
com/example/dagger/ContextModule_MembersInjector.java
 com.example.dagger.ContextModule_MembersInjector
com/example/dagger/MyModule_ProvideUsersViewModelFactory.java
 com.example.dagger.MyModule_ProvideUsersViewModelFactory
com/example/dagger/sqlite/DbHelper_Factory.java
 com.example.dagger.sqlite.DbHelper_Factory
com/example/dagger/dataModule/MyViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.dagger.dataModule.MyViewModel_Factory
com/example/dagger/room/UserDao_Impl.java
 com.example.dagger.room.UserDao_Impl
 com.example.dagger.room.UserDao_Impl$1
 com.example.dagger.room.UserDao_Impl$2
 com.example.dagger.room.UserDao_Impl$3
 com.example.dagger.room.UserDao_Impl$4
 com.example.dagger.room.UserDao_Impl$5
com/example/dagger/MyModule_ProvideUserDaoFactory.java
 com.example.dagger.MyModule_ProvideUserDaoFactory
com/example/dagger/MyModule_ProvideUserRepositoryFactory.java
 com.example.dagger.MyModule_ProvideUserRepositoryFactory
com/example/dagger/ContextModule_ProvideDatabaseVersionFactory.java
 com.example.dagger.ContextModule_ProvideDatabaseVersionFactory
com/example/dagger/dataModule/ViewModelFactory_Factory.java
 com.example.dagger.dataModule.ViewModelFactory_Factory
com/example/dagger/Car2_Factory.java
 com.example.dagger.Car2_Factory
 com.example.dagger.Car2_Factory$InstanceHolder
com/example/dagger/dataModule/Data_Factory.java
 com.example.dagger.dataModule.Data_Factory
 com.example.dagger.dataModule.Data_Factory$InstanceHolder
com/example/dagger/Car1_Factory.java
 com.example.dagger.Car1_Factory
com/example/dagger/ContextModule_ProvideSharedPreferencesFactory.java
 com.example.dagger.ContextModule_ProvideSharedPreferencesFactory
com/example/dagger/MySharedPreferences_Factory.java
 com.example.dagger.MySharedPreferences_Factory
com/example/dagger/MainActivity_MembersInjector.java
 com.example.dagger.MainActivity_MembersInjector
com/example/dagger/MyModule_ProvideCar3Factory.java
 com.example.dagger.MyModule_ProvideCar3Factory
com/example/dagger/MyModule_ProvideCar4Factory.java
 com.example.dagger.MyModule_ProvideCar4Factory
com/example/dagger/room/UserRoomDatabase_Impl.java
 com.example.dagger.room.UserRoomDatabase_Impl
 com.example.dagger.room.UserRoomDatabase_Impl$1
com/example/dagger/MyModule_ProvideConstantStrStringFactory.java
 com.example.dagger.MyModule_ProvideConstantStrStringFactory
com/example/dagger/DaggerMyComponent.java
 com.example.dagger.DaggerMyComponent
 com.example.dagger.DaggerMyComponent$1
 com.example.dagger.DaggerMyComponent$Builder
 com.example.dagger.DaggerMyComponent$MySubComponentFactoryFactory
 com.example.dagger.DaggerMyComponent$MySubComponentFactoryImpl
